New clash scenario: Zero to Hero (#422)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/clash/zero_to_hero.tex

\textbf{Player Count:} 2-4

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 10 \svg{gold}, 3 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}

\begin{itemize}
  \item 1 × A ``Few'' of the most expensive \svg{bronze} Units
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:} None
\columnbreak
\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout ($P$ stands for the number of players):

\begin{itemize}
  \item $P$ × Starting (I) Map Tiles
  \item $2P$ × Far (II--III) Map Tiles
  \item $2P$ × Near (IV--V) Map Tiles
  \item 1 × Center (VI--VII) Map Tile with a Dragon Utopia
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
Either:
\begin{itemize}
  \item Defeat all enemy Hero(es)
  \item Defeat the \textbf{``Dragon Utopia”} and upgrade the most expensive \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units.
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
Before the start of this scenario:
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textbf{Search(3)} \svg{artifact}.
\end{itemize}
The scenario has varying length depending on difficulty:

>   \item \textbf{9 rounds} – on \textbf{Impossible}
>   \item \textbf{8 rounds} – on \textbf{Hard}
>   \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Normal}
>   \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Easy}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textbf{9 rounds} – on \textbf{Impossible}
  \item \textbf{8 rounds} – on \textbf{Hard}
  \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Normal}
  \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Easy}
\end{itemize}
```
You can't have stray items.

> During the scenario:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the Scenario:

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US

> \addscenariosection{1}{Clash Scenario}{Zero to Hero!}{\images/sentinel.png}

Reviewer: Please supply an image of your own matching the game's art style. You can find some inspiration here:
https://github.com/Heegu-sama/Homm3BG/tree/main/assets/skills
https://github.com/Heegu-sama/Homm3BG/tree/main/assets/spells
Chose something no other scenario is using yet. Or find an appropriate image in the official mission books, we can extract it.

Reviewer: Also, consider choosing a name that's more fitting to the fantasy setting. This one reminds the 20th century pop culture.

> \addscenariosection{1}{Clash Scenario}{Zero to Hero!}{\images/sentinel.png}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\addscenariosection{1}{Clash Scenario}{Zero to Hero}{\images/sentinel.png}

\begin{multicols}{2}

\textbf{Author:} BoberL

> \textit{After many long-fought battles on Erathian lands, you have unfortunately been forced to flee from your kingdom. Most of your loyal guard has been captured and killed by the foes of yours. It’s only you, an artifact, that reminds you of home and one of your sergeants that have managed to escape the battlefield… or is it?}  % no-check-caps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{After many long and hard-fought battles on Erathian lands, you have, unfortunately, been forced to flee your kingdom. Most of your loyal guard have been captured and killed by your foes. Only an artifact reminds you of home. One of your sergeants, who has managed to escape the battlefield, survived… or so it seems.}  % no-check-caps
```
I take it you're not the artifact? I hope I got the sergeant part right.

Author: Noo, it's supposed to be:
- you
- the artifact
- the sergeant (starting unit)

that are left. Wording sounds odd im aware

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Scenario Length}}
This scenario plays out over:
\begin{itemize}
  \item \textbf{9 rounds} – on \textbf{Impossible} difficulty
  \item \textbf{8 rounds} – on \textbf{Hard} difficulty
  \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Normal} difficulty
  \item \textbf{7 rounds} – on \textbf{Easy} difficulty

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7--9 Rounds.
```
Keep it simple. You'll explain it in additional rules.

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Player Setup}}
\textbf{Player Count:} 2-4

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 10 \svg{gold}, 3 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 0 \svg{building_materials}, 0 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}

\begin{itemize}
  \item 1 × A ``Few'' of the most expensive \svg{bronze} Units
\end{itemize}

> \textbf{Town Buildings:} There are no starting buildings in this scenario

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{Town Buildings:} None
```
The fewer words, the better.

> \columnbreak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
No need for it if you shorten previous texts.

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}

> Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout. \textit{$P$ stands for Player count}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout ($P$ stands for the number of players):
```
Actually, we have an established standard for this.

Author: oo good to know for the future

\textbf{2 players:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item $P$ × Starting (I) Map Tiles
  \item 2$P$ × Far (II–III) Map Tiles
  \item 2$P$ × Near (IV–V) Map Tiles

>   \item 1 × Center (VI–VII) Map Tiles with Dragon Utopia

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\begin{itemize}
  \item $P$ × Starting (I) Map Tiles
  \item $2P$ × Far (II--III) Map Tiles
  \item $2P$ × Near (IV--V) Map Tiles
  \item 1 × Center (VI--VII) Map Tile with a Dragon Utopia
```

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}
Either:
\begin{itemize}

>   \item Vanquish the enemy \textbf{Hero\textit{(es)}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \item Defeat all enemy Hero(es)

Reviewer: Well actually "vanquish" is not a game term. I'm not sure what it's supposed to mean. Defeating the Hero in combat, or eliminating the player?

>   \item Defeat the \textbf{``Dragon Utopia”} and upgrade the most expensive \svg{silver} and \svg{golden} Units.

Reviewer: What does defeating mean here exactly? You flag locations, although there are exceptions for this naming in coop scenarios where it makes sense. If one player clears the fight, does another one also need to fight?

Also, @Laamakala, you think it's possible to upgrade the most expensive gold unit in 7 rounds? Especially with so stingy starting conditions.

Reviewer: Also, what happens when the time runs out, and no one reaches any of the victory conditions?

Reviewer 2: There is income every round, so theoretically it could be possible, if you get some good resources along the way from dice plus you don't reinforce other units before. I think it is possible, but not likely.

Reviewer 2: And also obelisk allows free reinforcing. So yeah I think it can be done.

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
Before the start of this scenario:
\begin{itemize}

>   \item \textbf{Search(3)} the Artifacts deck.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \item \textbf{Search(3)} \svg{artifact}.

> Before the start of this scenario:
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item \textbf{Search(3)} the Artifacts deck.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This should be part of the player setup.  See how Sentinels scenario does this.

During the scenario:
\begin{itemize}
  \item Gain income every round.

>   \item Whenever an Obelisk is first visited, the visiting player may upgrade any \svg{silver} unit of their choice for \textbf{Free}. If this action has been already done, the player rolls \textbf{2} \svg{resource} and adds the chosen result to their Resource Pool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \item \textbf{Obelisk:} \textbf{First to Flag:} Reinforce one \svg{silver} Unit for free. \\ \textbf{Subsequent Flags:} Roll \textbf{2} \svg{resource} and resolve \textbf{1}.

Reviewer: Agreed. Besides, if one player gets an obelisk near them, and the others do not, they get great advantage.

\end{itemize}

>   \textbf{\textit{I never thought I'd see any of my kind again...}}

Reviewer: What is it doing here? What does it mean?

Author: Lore addition - visiting an obelisk for the first time would allow a hero to _"find"_ more of their kind, thus reinforcing their unit

Reviewer: It feels out of place. You can't really replicate the popup from the video game here.

\end{multicols}
\begin{tikzpicture}
  \centering
  \node at (3, -5) {\includegraphics[scale=0.2]{\maps/zero_to_hero2p.png}};
  \node at (3, -10) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{2-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
  \node at (12, -5) {\includegraphics[scale=0.2]{\maps/zero_to_hero3p.png}};
  \node at (12, -10) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{3-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
  \node at (7.5, -14) {\includegraphics[scale=0.2]{\maps/zero_to_hero4p.png}};
  \node at (7.5, -19) {\footnotesize{\textbf{\MakeUppercase{4-PLAYER SCENARIO}}}};
\end{tikzpicture}

\begin{tikzpicture}[overlay]
  \node(bg)[anchor=center, opacity=0.07, xshift-3em, yshift=-5em] at (current page.center) {
    \includegraphics[width=0.8\paperwidth, keepaspectratio]{\art/ballista.png}
  }

> \end{tikzpicture}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Your scenario doesn't build currently. Let's find suitable art later.
